 BSc (Hons) in Information Technology   
 (Information Systems Engineering)  
 
             IE2091 – Information Systems Project                                                                               Year 2 
 
 
Important Guidelines for Writing the final report 
▪ Remember that you are writing a professional as well as a technical document. So 
do not make it a “fancy document”. 
▪ Use the cover page given in “ IE2091 Final report Cover Page .doc”. Remove the 
lines in the blue color font and insert your project details to those lines. Do not 
alter the lines in black color. The complete page needs to be in “BLACK” color. 
▪ Use “Times New Roman” font. Main text (body text) must be in 12 pts. Use 
suitable sizes for headings (You can use the default sizes given in the “IE2091 
Final Report Template.doc”. Line spacing for main text must be 1.5.  
▪ All pages except the cover page must be numbered, and the number must appear 
on the lower right-hand corner of the page. 
▪ Number every image and data table and refer to them in the main text using the 
numbers. 
▪ Maximum number of pages excluding the appendices must be 50. 
▪ Write a draft document, show it to the supervisor, make the corrections indicated 
by the supervisor before you submit it in Courseweb. 
 
NOTE :  
▪ Following the guidelines, templates and standards are important, note that marks 
will get deducted otherwise. 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 BSc (Hons) in Information Technology   
 (Information Systems Engineering)  
 
             IE2091 – Information Systems Project                                                                               Year 2 
 
 
Assignment weight for the final grade : 10% 
 
Mark Distribution 
 
Criteria Mark allocation 
Abstract  4% 
Problem Statement  5% 
Product Scope  5% 
Project Report Structure 3% 
Requirements and Analysis 10% 
Design 15% 
Implementation  15% 
 Testing  10% 
Assessment of the Project results 10% 
Lessons Learned  10% 
 Future Work 10% 
References 3% 
Total Marks (100)  
 
 
 